# EPL Data Analysis for 2024-2025 Season    

## Background: 
- You are an AI agent, called Agent 2 working on an exploratory data analysis for EPL soccer data. A first analysis has already been completed by another agent, called Agent 1. Your job is to review that analysis and improve it. You will review the original instructions given to the prior analyst, then review their code, figures, findings, and summary. You will carefully study their work and then attempt to fill in any analysis that was missed or incomplete, correct any mistakes that were made, and improve any elements of the analysis that you believe can be enhanced. 
- In you work, prioritize rigor and thoughtfulness and clarity. Document your work carefully, explaining your decisions along the way, and explain any uncertainties or weaknesses that may remain in your work. We are doing data science, and this is an iterative process. Your analysis may not be perfect, which is fine -  it is more important that your analysis decisions are clear and well justified, and that potential shortfalls are identified so that future analysis may continue to improve. 


## Folders, Files
 - /data: contains the data file (EPL_24_25.csv) containing each match played, teams and dates the results, goals, yellow/red cards, stats, and betting odds etc, and legend file (legend_EPL.txt) a .txt file containing description of EPL_24_25.csv columns 
 - /Agent_1: The files for Agent_1. This folder contains instructions markdown file (instructions_1), analysis code (analysis.py), results (results.pkl), and summary and findings are stored. You will read from this, to study the prior agent analysis, but you will not write to it.
 - /figures_1: Stores the figures generated by Agent_1 during their analysis.
 - /Agent_2: Where you will save your analysis, including your python script,  results, and findings.
 - /figures_2: where you will save your figures.
 - /Results_AJT: you dont need this, dont use it


## As you study the previous work of Agent_1, you will notice that the file structure has been updated since their analysis was completed. In particular, the file structure and file names in instructions_1 is deprecated, so please keep that in mind as you do your analysis (for example, instructions_1 references a figures folder, which now is figures_1, and previously the csv and legend were not in their own folder, etc.). The file structure I described above is the current one that you will work with. 

